c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe.config
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.pdb
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.Form1.resources
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe
c:\users\geoffp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.pdb
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe.config
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.pdb
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.pdb
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.SOAPDemo.resources
C:\Users\geoffp\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.PlatformTransfers.resources
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe.config
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.pdb
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.exe
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\bin\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.pdb
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.PlatformTransfers.resources
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\FileXpressSOAP.SOAPDemo.resources
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\geoffp\Desktop\FileXpressSOAP2\FileXpressSOAP\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
